[Music]
yeah I like to thank you boys Ted huh
yeah I like to take your foot take me
yeah I like to take your point Ted it's
time you heard
I like to take your foot only thing is
haters made me do is get my cane my turn
cause fucking came up from the Emerald
went oh geez wouldn't get a game up shit
changed up it's right in hanneke up I'm
feeling happy holiday cos just breath
and take a honey can from next day big
thank you
the colony cause next day big whip came
and danced some different meter deep the
street shit nigga core Pacific no word
has allowed their time a nigga dippin
got my pistol in my Nana Casey niggas
get trip I give you being in them settle
down coming kid I never thought like
you're right just force it in now
kidding book the clubs I couldn't get in
there gotta be can be a crowd when I get
in now my name coming up in a stadium
niche your
yeah
I like to take you one time
I like to take you 1 Oh
I like to take time
[Music]